Clarify secret environment variable storage on Astro (#554)
astronomer/docs: astro/environment-variables.md

### How environment variables are stored on Astro

> Non-secret environment variables set via the Cloud UI are stored in an Astronomer-managed database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Non-secret environment variables set via the Cloud UI are stored in a database that is managed by Astronomer and hosted in the Astronomer Control Plane.
```

Secret environment variables are stored using a different mechanism. When you configure a secret environment variable via the Cloud UI, the following happens:

1. Astro generates a manifest that defines a Kubernetes secret containing your variable's key and value.
2. Astro applies this manifest to your Deployment's namespace in the Data Plane.

> 3. After the manifest is applied, it is stored in an Astronomer-managed etcd cluster at rest. This process repeats every time you update the environment variable's key or value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. After the manifest is applied, the key and value of your environment variable is stored in an [etcd cluster](https://etcd.io/) at rest within the Astronomer Control Plane.

This process occurs every time you update the environment variable's key or value.
```
